---
layout: release-notes
title: May 19, 2020 - 5.45 - Files & Kits Settings Pages
section_root: release-notes
category: release notes
tags: [basespace]
version: 5.45.0
release_date: 2020-05-19
---

## What's changed for BaseSpace Sequence Hub 5.45

### Features
- Added Files & Kits menu to the Settings page, where the following run setup resources can be viewed or added:
  - Library prep kits
  - Index adapter kits
  - Reference genomes
- When running a NextSeq 2000 in Local Analysis mode, uploaded analysis results are stored in a project. If a project does not exist, a new project is created. 
- Improvements to Run Setup:
  - Added support for large file upload.
  - Added confirmation prompt when switching Analysis Type or Analysis Location.
  - Added display of additional details when a reference genome is selected.


### Bug Fixes
- Fixed an issue that caused the My Data and Run Planning navbar links to briefly duplicate on page load.
- Fixed an issue with multi-node appsessions where the report did not display until the page refreshed.
- Fixed an issue with the dataset matcher that prevented tooltips from displaying.
- Fixed an issue that created duplicate planned runs if Submit was selected more than once in the Run Setup tool.
- Fixed an issue where editing a planned run with unspecified kits did not have the correct columns in sample data table.
- Fixed a bug where using an unacceptable character (".") was not prevented during run setup.
- Fixed an issue where a 'required field' error message could appear erroneously during run setup.
- Fixed a rare issue that could prevent app launches.
- Security fixes.