---
layout: release-notes
title: September 15, 2020 - 6.1 - Archival Storage
section_root: release-notes
category: release notes
tags: [basespace]
version: 6.1.0
release_date: 2020-09-15
---

## What's changed for BaseSpace Sequence Hub 6.1

### Archival Storage Feature

Archival storage is being rolled out to users over the next few weeks. This feature allows accounts configured for New application mode to transfer runs and datasets to long-term storage, with significantly lower costs than standard storage. Data transfer takes several days to complete and incurs additional fees. Restoring data that have been archived for a short period of time can result in higher overall storage cost, so archiving is not recommended for data that you intend to use in the next several months.

### Other Features
 - Added iCredit balance and subscription status to the account settings page.
 - Added promotional iCredit balance to the banner notification in Free Trial accounts.

### Bugs Fixed
 - Create new project option not enabled on the Prep tab page for creating a biological sample.
 - Error when downloading files or sharing data in Enterprise domain accounts.
 - Incorrect items listed in the Status menu.
 - Runs page tabs content failed to load if the run name contained special characters.
 - The list of libraries did not appear on Pools pages.
 - Menu dropdown failed to close after a selection was made.
 - Runs page column settings reset to default after a page refresh.
 - Run details page did not display share and trash menu options.
 - Tooltip for multiple pool information failed to appear on biosample libraries page.
 - Incorrect link to BSVI in the waffle menu.
 - Overlapping text in the Run details Sample Sheet tab.
 - Banner notification did not persist across pages.

### Release 6.1.1 - September 16, 2020
- Features
  - None.
  
- Bugs Fixed
  - Fixed an issue that could cause the Run name to become hidden in the Run master list.
  - Performance and stability fixes.
  
### Release 6.1.2 - September 18, 2020
- Features
  - None.
  
- Bugs Fixed
  - Fixed an issue that could cause some run metrics to be displayed incorrectly.
  - Performance and stability fixes.
  
