---
layout: release-notes
title: December 15, 2020 - 6.4 - Per-sample Analysis Settings
section_root: release-notes
category: release notes
tags: [basespace]
version: 6.4.0
release_date: 2020-12-15
---

## What's changed for BaseSpace Sequence Hub 6.4

### Features
 - Added support for per-sample settings in the Run Setup tool to configure analysis settings for individual samples.
 - In the Run Setup tool, the FASTQ Generation analysis type is now named BCL Convert.
 - Improved support for detecting errors in V2 Sample Sheets. Critical errors now transition the run to Needs Attention status.
 - Performance improvements to BCL Convert integration for NextSeq 1000 & NextSeq 2000 systems.

### Bugs Fixed
 - Fixed an issue where index and library kits were changed to unspecified kits when editing a planned run in the Run Setup tool. 
 - Fixed an issue with Run Setup tool where analysis settings were not refreshed after changing analysis type.
 - Fixed run setup to remove leading or trailing spaces in run name, sample ID, index, or free-text fields in the Run Setup and Analysis Setup pages.
 - Fixed an issue that could cause the dashboard to display a warning message for exceeding "0 Bytes storage limit".
 - Fixed an issue on app input forms where clicking a tooltip by a checkbox item also selected or deselected the checkbox.
 - Fixed an issue that could cause an error when removing a shared project.
 - Fixed a display issue that caused the App Purchase dialog to extend off screen.
 - Fixed an issue that could prevent accepting share or transfer invites.
 - Fixed an issue that limited the number of analysis files displayed in the UI to the first 100.
 - Fixed a performance issue with processing sequencing run metrics.
 - Fixed an issue in the sequencingstats endpoint that caused PercentNoCalls values to be set to 0.
