---
layout: release-notes
title: April 20, 2021 - 6.8 - Run Charts Improvements
section_root: release-notes
category: release notes
tags: [basespace]
version: 6.8.0
release_date: 2021-04-20
---

## What's changed for BaseSpace Sequence Hub 6.8

### Features
 - Performance improvements to the Run Charts page.
 - Added a link to analysis and storage pricing information in the Instrument Run Setup tool.
 - Share and transfer invites that are sent to an email address before the account is created now appear on their first login.
 - Added the option to share associated projects when sharing a run with other accounts.

### Bugs Fixed
 - Fixed an issue in the FormBuilder that prevented the display of section breaks.
 - Fixed an issue in the FormBuilder where FieldSet components ignored the "isOpen" field.
 - Fixed an issue that prevented the deletion of planned runs.
 - Fixed an issue where file preview modals were too small when previewing image files.
 - Fixed an issue that prevented a biosample from showing up in a chooser after marking its FASTQ dataset as QC Passed when the FASTQ dataset previously failed.
 - Fixed an issue on the Appsession Reports page that displayed a per-sample report by default, instead of the summary report.
 - Fixed an issue that allowed multiple clicks of the Accept button in share invitations.
 - Fixed an issue where the lock icon was missing on the summary page for biosamples with datasets from multiple sources.
 - Fixed Run and Biosample master list issues that prevented column selections from being saved.
 - Fixed an issue where the notification bell obscured the app name in lower display resolutions.
 - Fixed an issue where the Download option was enabled for runs in an Uploading state.